Enhance minimal distance algorithm in `gardener-scheduler` (#8277)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/scheduler.md

1. Apply active [strategy](#strategies) e.g., _Minimal Distance strategy_
1. Choose least utilized seed, i.e., the one with the least number of shoot control planes, will be the winner and written to the `.spec.seedName` field of the `Shoot`.

In order to put the scheduling decision into effect, the scheduler sends an update request for the `Shoot` resource to

> the API server. After validation, the Gardener Aggregated API server updates the shoot to have the `spec.seedName` field set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the API server. After validation, the `gardener-apiserver` updates the `Shoot` to have the `spec.seedName` field set.
```

> Subsequently, the Gardenlet picks up and starts to create the cluster on the specified seed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsequently, the `gardenlet` picks up and starts to create the cluster on the specified seed.
```

The scheduling strategy is defined in the _**candidateDeterminationStrategy**_ of the scheduler's configuration and can have the possible values `SameRegion` and `MinimalDistance`.
The `SameRegion` strategy is the default strategy.

### Same Region strategy

The Gardener Scheduler reads the `spec.provider.type` and `.spec.region` fields from the `Shoot` resource.
It tries to find a seed that has the identical `.spec.provider.type` and `.spec.provider.region` fields set.
If it cannot find a suitable seed, it adds an event to the shoot stating that it is unschedulable.

### Minimal Distance strategy

The Gardener Scheduler tries to find a valid seed with minimal distance to the shoot's intended region.
Distances are configured via `ConfigMap`(s), usually per cloud provider in a Gardener landscape.

> The configuration is structured as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration is structured like this:
```

- It refers to one or multiple `CloudProfile`s via annotation `scheduling.gardener.cloud/cloudprofiles`.
- It contains the declaration as `region-config` via label `scheduling.gardener.cloud/purpose`.
- If a `CloudProfile` is referred by multiple `ConfigMap`s, only the first one is considered.

> - The `data` fields configure actual distances, where _key_ relates to the `Shoot` region and _value_ contains distances to `Seed` regions. The region distance to itself needs to be specified as well.

Reviewer: > The region distance to itself needs to be specified as well.

Should we change this and always assume weight `0` for the same region? At least our generated example files don't contain the same region in the values.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: <name>
  namespace: garden
  annotations:
    scheduling.gardener.cloud/cloudprofiles: cloudprofile-name-1{,optional-cloudprofile-name-2,...}
  labels:
    scheduling.gardener.cloud/purpose: region-config
data:
  region-1: |
    region-1: 0
    region-2: 10
    region-3: 20
    ...
  region-2: |
    region-2: 0
    region-1: 10
    region-3: 10
    ...
```

> > Gardener provider extensions for public cloud providers usually provide real-world distance data in their github.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Gardener provider extensions for public cloud providers usually have an example weight `ConfigMap` in their
```
